haos	Hey
haos	yo
haos	what is this, ajax?
haos	cloud9 i can show you after class
haos	Woot Woot!
haos	It's node.js
haos	ah
haos	game? i got this
haos	Yup
haos	Hey, that reminds me i got a question for you after class.
haos	I'll be needing all the above, two of each.
haos	Fuck, hope everyone knows how to connect to a database...
haos	dang, set the bar too high in previous classes
haos	just thought the same thing
haos	You didn't show anyone your sketch to level thing yet, right?
haos	no, nobody else knows
haos	That's the way to keep it?
haos	I'v got an auto-doc creator coming together now...
haos	wow, gotta go all out against everyone else if its ranked
haos	You've got an A if you do what you normally plus a little more. I've seen 90% of all the lasy capstones.
haos	What did he say about no female?
haos	no students in the class
haos	https://toggl.com/
haos	Automate it
haos	12 x 13 = 180?
haos	it'd be nice if the window scrolled down as new messages come in
haos	Yea. it's just the example boiler-plate. I've fucked with it a bit but that's not done right now.
haos	Did he say "fucking?"
haos	nah, fricken
haos	Konemann is so awesome
haos	I'll give you a dollar if you can get the class to clap when class is done.
haos	i couldn't, not my strong point
haos	Just start clapping sorta slow and someone else normally will clap along. It builds from there.
haos	He just said if you cheat, make sure you remove any evidence... (sorta)
haos	Is this online?
haos	course documents
haos	if this got an a
haos	what were the others lol?
haos	Yea, ta;l to me about that after class. I sat in on the last three years of capstones. For the masters and undergrads both.
haos	ta;' = talk
haos	Fuck! Hu's gonna kill me again...
haos	make your project challenge him
haos	change his mind
haos	Yea, he doesn't like that. Don't you remember how that worked for me?
haos	well
haos	i mean
haos	but still
haos	yea
haos	I sorta wish i was back at Carroll.
haos	when do you come back?
haos	Sometime before next fall semester.
haos	I'm doing my intership here.
haos	so how do you present your project
haos	Video cast.
haos	You know who Max Headroom is? ...
haos	nope
haos	https://www.google.com/search?client=ubuntu&channel=fs&q=max+headrom&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8#channel=fs&q=max+headroom
haos	What is this?
haos	The binder?
haos	the same dude who wrote that project proposal on screen
haos	Ah
haos	this is his binder
haos	Ok.
haos	who's the non-cs person?
haos	dunno
haos	don't recognize
haos	him
haos	hmm.
haos	That's a fun project shaun's got. He should make it a framework that's reusable.